ship: refactor teams to match reorg (#7277)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/departments/engineering/dev/process/deployments/instances.md

- [Managed instances](../../../../cloud/index.md) are deployments of Sourcegraph we manage for customers.
  - [demo.sourcegraph.com](instances.md#demosourcegraphcom) is a managed instance used for CE demos.
  - [devmanaged.sourcegraph.com](instances.md#devmanagedsourcegraphcom) is a managed instance used for managed instances development.

>   - [sourcegraph.sourcegraph.com](instances.md#sourcegraphsourcegraphcom-s2) is a managed instance used for Sourcegraph's dogfooding needs. Informally referred to as "S2". This instance is jointly owned by #team-devinfra and #team-cloud. We [continously deploy](https://golinks.io/s2-deploy) the latest unreleased version of Sourcegraph every one hour on weekdays, and you may also [force rolling out a new deployment](https://golinks.io/s2-deploy) by clicking the `run workflow` button and using `sg` as the customer slug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [sourcegraph.sourcegraph.com](instances.md#sourcegraphsourcegraphcom-s2) is a managed instance used for Sourcegraph's dogfooding needs. Informally referred to as "S2". This instance is jointly owned by #team-dev-infra and #team-cloud. We [continously deploy](https://golinks.io/s2-deploy) the latest unreleased version of Sourcegraph every one hour on weekdays, and you may also [force rolling out a new deployment](https://golinks.io/s2-deploy) by clicking the `run workflow` button and using `sg` as the customer slug.
```
